Because his mother strongly disapproved of us being together
Why? Because I am a poor girl from the countryside.
And he's a rich kid in the city
Our families are very different
The daughter-in-law his mother wants is a good family
match
Anyone who can help his son in business
50 years have passed
I thought he only lived in my memory
I didn't expect us to meet again
Although I have achieved success now
To be on par with Yoga
But nothing is wrong
Time has not waited for us
We are all getting old
Impossible to be young again
That fruitless first love
Become our concern
I see.
That's why you insist that we be married
You are my most precious granddaughter
Xuan Xuan is Laoyou's favorite grandson
Me and Old Oil
Love dreams that did not come true when you were young
We hope to make it happen for both of you
I see.
When did you get back?
I heard what grandma said
If you keep mentioning divorce in the future
Beware of being struck by lightning
Yanyan Xuanxuan
When I was young
You can see and catch a lot
But the easiest to get confused
Always take unimportant things too seriously
Wait until you reach my age
And the days are dwindling.
More and more expensive
You will understand
The few things you need most in life
Grandma, I see.
We'll be together
Don't worry.
There we go.